Basic Data Types/4. Finding the Percentage/percentage.md, before:

## Finding the Percentage (Taken from HackerRank)

### Problem Statement

The provided code stub will read in a dictionary containing key/value pairs of name:[marks] for a list of students. Print the average of the marks array for the student name provided, showing 2 places after the decimal.

### Example

```
marks key:value pairs are,
'alpha': [20,30,40]
'beta': [30,50,70]
query_name = 'beta'
```

The query_name is 'beta'. beta's average score is `(30 + 50 + 70)/ 3 = 50.0 `.

### Input

The first line contains the integer `n`, the number of students' records. The next `n` lines contain the names and marks obtained by a student, each value separated by a space. The final line contains query_name, the name of a student to query.

### Constraints

```
2 <= n <= 10
0 <= marks[i] <= 100
length of marks arrays = 3
```

### Output

Explain the expected output format.

### Sample Input

Provide a sample input for testing.

### Sample Output

Provide the corresponding sample output.

### Explanation

Explain your solution approach or provide additional context.

### Link to Original HackerRank Problem

[Link to HackerRank Problem](https://www.hackerrank.com/problem)

Commit message:

percentage.md file sample output

Basic Data Types/4. Finding the Percentage/percentage.md, after:

## Finding the Percentage (Taken from HackerRank)

### Problem Statement

The provided code stub will read in a dictionary containing key/value pairs of name:[marks] for a list of students. Print the average of the marks array for the student name provided, showing 2 places after the decimal.

### Example

```
marks key:value pairs are,
'alpha': [20,30,40]
'beta': [30,50,70]
query_name = 'beta'
```

The query_name is 'beta'. beta's average score is `(30 + 50 + 70)/ 3 = 50.0 `.

### Input

The first line contains the integer `n`, the number of students' records. The next `n` lines contain the names and marks obtained by a student, each value separated by a space. The final line contains query_name, the name of a student to query.

### Constraints

```
2 <= n <= 10
0 <= marks[i] <= 100
length of marks arrays = 3
```

### Output

Print one line: The average of the marks obtained by the particular student correct to 2 decimal places.

### Sample Input

Provide a sample input for testing.

### Sample Output

Provide the corresponding sample output.

### Explanation

Explain your solution approach or provide additional context.

### Link to Original HackerRank Problem

[Link to HackerRank Problem](https://www.hackerrank.com/problem)
